[woman]  Come on. can't you go any faster?
[man]  Kate. FDNY says six people are
trapped in the fire. Are you there yet?
[Kate] Yeah. almost.
Go. go. go. Park right there.
[man 2] Yeah. yeah. I see it. I see it.
[man 1]  Coming to you live
in five minutes.
-[Kate] Okay. we'll be ready.
-[man 2] We've got this.
[man 1]  Four engines on the scene.
More on the way.
-Got feet on the ground yet?
- Yeah. we just got here.
[man 1]  Get some cutaways.
We'll do a stand-up on the third block.
No. David. it's no good.
The police have the media
at least 50 yards out.
I'm gonna get us something exclusive.
-How are you gonna do that?
-You know the drill.   Give me the camera.
Thanks.
[sirens wailing]
-Hey.
-Sir. please stay away from the barricade.
I just had a quick question.
Do you know how this--
Sorry.
Sorry about that. man.
All thumbs today.
[man 1] Need a ladder. south side.
Close up!
[man 2] Need Charlie up
on the second floor.
[man 3] Need more pressure here.
[man 4] Open it up.
We need more pressure on this one.
[man 5] They're EMT. let 'em through.
[man 6] Come on. guys. We gotta move here.
[woman] Come on. guys.
[man 1]
Block that window out. Block that window.
[man 2] Give me a hand here.
[man] Hey!
You've gotta get out of here now.
This fire is out of control.
It's okay. I've done this before.
Not like this. you haven't.
Look out!
Thank you.
You should get out now.
[woman]  It's very hard to get any real...
[David]  Ten seconds. Kate.
Yeah. Yeah. copy that. I'll be ready.
[man] Just make sure you get that. Good.
In five. four. three...
Channel 12 News
has obtained exclusive footage
of firefighters battling the blaze
at this abandoned warehouse in Brooklyn.
New York City's finest at the FDNY
have already pulled out eight people
from the inferno.
And the operation continues.
From Brooklyn. I'm Kate Bradley.
Channel 12 News.
Wow. None of the other stations
have anything like that.
Nice footage. Josh.
Don't look at me. It was all Kate.
Ooh. and it's getting a ton of views
on our website.
Nice.
Kate. I just got off the phone
with our legal department.
Want to guess what they said
about your report from the scene?
Bravo?
-Good job?
-Try reckless and dangerous.
Our insurance
doesn't cover stunts like that.
Stunts?
I mean. I call that being a reporter.
It's got to stop.
Well. they didn't seem to mind
when I got them that exclusive coverage
from inside the collapsed factory
in the Bronx.
No. no. you see. actually. I did mind.
Station management are going nuts
with all the risks you're taking.
[scoffs]
Well. they seem to like the ratings.
Knock it off. Kate. You hear me?
-Yeah. loud and clear. boss.
-Thank you.
[sighs]
[horns honking]
-[Kate] So you said 12 people rescued?
-[phone beeps]
Can I call you back? Thanks.
Hi. Dad. I saw your text. but I--
[man]  I saw your report
from the warehouse fire. I was worried.
It's not like you to ignore my texts.
I'm not ignoring you. Dad.
It's been a busy day. and I just got
the fire investigator on the phone--
It's midnight and you're still working?
[Kate]  Dad. I know you're calling me
from the office.
Well. that's different.
A senator's work is never done.
You know. I wish you'd consider
reporting on politics
instead of chasing fires and car crashes.
It'd be a lot safer.
Safer. sure. but not nearly as exciting.
At least say you'll join me
for this fundraiser tomorrow.
Do you really need me there?
You know I don't like political events.
Yes. but I also know you love me.
[chuckles]
Come on. do your dad a favor.
The donors love you.
Besides. I haven't seen your face in ages.
- Dad. we FaceTimed yesterday.
-Doesn't count.
[chuckles]
All right. all right.
I will see you at the fundraiser.
Now get out of the office
and stop worrying about me.
- Okay. Good night.
- Good night.
[horns honking]
Right off the top. we've got
Susan's interview with the mayor.
You good to go?
His Honorable has pushed it to 3:00 p.m..
but I'll be ready.
Good. Keep digging. Get the story first.
Alex. welcome.
Hi. sorry. Train delay.
Next. we've got that bomb scare
at Newark Liberty.
-Ed. I want you on this one.
-Already there.
David. I covered that train derailment
last March.
I stayed in contact
with some of my sources
at the Department of Transpo.
-Send them to Ed if you think they'd help.
-Great.
I was thinking
this could be my assignment.
Forget about it. Kate.
Actually. this one's for you.
There was a call from a woman
in the South Bronx
saying she found a bag on her porch.
She found a bag? Why aren't we going
live to air with this thing right now?
-The bag was full of cash.
-Who does she think it belongs to?
She's convinced it was given to her
by a Good Samaritan.
-Aww.
-Sounds like a sweet story.
You now. this could be a home run
for Lauren.
She's great on soft news. No offense.
-It's what I do.
-Lauren's on Ribfest.
Okay. Well. I can follow up
on the warehouse fire.
The fire's out.
There's nothing to follow up on.
That's it. people. Get out of here.
Go find some news.
David. what are you not telling me?
Execs don't want you on any story
that might explode.
implode. burst into flames.
or otherwise end up in an insurance claim.
Consider this a break
from the bummer beat.
For how long?
We'll see.
For now. you're on the Good Samaritan.
[scoffs]
[Kate] It's barely news.
A woman finds a bag of money.
I mean. what's next?
A charity car wash?
Parent-teacher conference?
David's not gonna keep you
on local interest for long.
-You're one of his best reporters.
-Thanks.
But still. I mean. where's the story?
What? You don't buy
the Good Samaritan angle?
I remain objective always. But no.
[sighs]
[chattering and laughing]
[woman] Over here!
[Kate] There she is. Hi.
You ready?
Please. come this way.
I will let you in.
It came in this bag. just like this.
$100.000.
100.000?
Wow.
And. now. does this mean anything to you?
No.
But I know there is someone out there
looking over and helping us.
This has been a very hard time.
My husband was laid off last winter.
After that. we were evicted and...
we moved here.
Did it come with a note? Anything?
No note.
But I know why it happened.
[speaking Spanish]
A miracle.
Si.  This is why I called you here.
I want everyone to know miracles happen.
You don't believe in miracles.
You cannot see everything with your eyes.
Sometimes...
you have to look in here.
You know. it may be feel-good filler.
but it does the trick.
Thanks. We should upload this segment.
though. We go live in 20.
You still think it's drug money.
don't you?
Or maybe a robbery. I don't know.
Look. I just think it's hard to believe
that there's somebody out there doing good
deeds and expecting nothing in return.
I don't know. That's kind of cynical.
-I'm sure it happens all the time.
-Oh. yeah?
Then why. in all of the time
we've worked together.
have we never reported a story like this?
What about that guy last Christmas?
The one that was fixing people's cars
in mall parking lots when they broke down.
That story never aired.
You know why. right?
-Because he had that weird toupee?
-What? No.
Because the guy disabled the cars
to begin with
while the owners were shopping
and then offered to fix them
for a small donation.
-Seriously?
-Yeah.
Hmm.
This number eight...
maybe it's a marketing gimmick.
Do you remember that--
that. um. ride-share company
that handed out ten-dollar bills
on Wall Street?
Sure.
That campaign cost them
a quarter million dollars.
Okay. but that campaign
reached 25.000 people.
I mean. what company wants to so badly
win over Christina Gomez?
Okay. so maybe not that.
All I'm saying is that whoever's
behind this. they have a motive.
I am certain change can happen
because I am a product of it.
In 1951. my grandfather.
Harish Banerjee.
moved his family and his engineering firm
to New York City.
What was Banerjee Electronics in Calcutta
became Bradley Electronics in Queens.
Harish became Harry.
but he remained the same man.
A man who came here not just to succeed.
but to give back.
In these uncertain times.
it is tempting to be cynical.
to be fearful.
but together.
-we can make change happen.
-[applause]
Thank you.
Inspiring as always. Dad.
But you got dressed
in the back of your car again. didn't you?
-You don't miss a thing. do you?
-Uh-uh.
Now. I want you to meet one of my donors.
He's. uh-- he's been asking about you.
Seen you on TV.
Don't tell me.
Uh. he probably wants me to do a story
on his business.
He already has enough publicity.
He was just named Investment Alliance
fund manager of the year.
Oh. so it'll be an hour
of me listening to him
boasting about his financial success.
I don't know why I'd talk about my work
when yours is so much more interesting.
[clears throat]
Kate. meet. uh. Jack Hansen.
Hi. Hi. Jack.
Pleasure.
I guess this means
now I need to ask you about what you do
to prove I didn't prejudge you.
And I'll pretend to be flattered but steer
the conversation back to what you do.
like. uh. your report
on the train derailment.
I couldn't believe
that you got that engineer
to admit that he was texting and driving.
Uh. well. he was not a bright man.
[laughing]
I knew you two would get along.
Do you mind
if I leave you in Kate's hands?
Yeah. if it's all right with her.
-Sure.
-Thanks. Ashok.
Bye. Dad.
So should we pick out the best spot
to watch the political ritual unfold?
Uh. for me. that would be
the spot closest to the exit.
So no interest in politics?
Your dad wants you to move to Washington.
Oh. I am well aware. but no.
No way am I leaving New York.
And plus. covering politics
is just not my thing.
Why not?
Breaking news is more direct.
It's more honest. At least when people
lie. or cheat. or steal...
[phone chimes]
...they're doing it out in the open.
-No time to make up a soundbite. huh?
-Exactly.
Oh. sorry. Uh...
The station just sent me a lead
on a story I'm working on.
I have to run.
Okay. well. let's exchange numbers.
We could do dinner sometime.
Um. I'm flattered. but I have a rule.
I don't go out with anyone
in my father's political circle.
Why so?
When you are the daughter of a senator.
you never know what people's motives are.
I like to think
my motives are pretty clear.
Dinner.
Sala Cucina.
Oh. that's a good restaurant.
but sorry. the answer's still no.
It was really nice to meet you.
-[sighs]
-Hi. is this Marie Ellis?
[Marie]  Yes.
This is Kate Bradley with Channel 12 News.
You called the station?
[Marie]  I saw your report about the woman
who found the cash on her doorstep.
-I got the same thing.
- Really? How much cash was it?
$100.000.
In the bag with the tilted number eight.
Okay. where can I meet you?
I'll text you my address.
But if you bring a camera.
I won't open my door.
Got it. I'm on my way right now.
[Marie] It's real.
Not counterfeit.
I found it in front of our door
this morning.
Same bag and everything.
I thought it might be stolen.
so I took it to the police. but...
they say it doesn't appear to be.
Who do you think could be behind this?
I don't know.
I'm hoping you might tell me.
I'm sorry. I have no idea.
Look. I know the woman you interviewed
thinks it's a Good Samaritan.
But we don't exactly need the help.
I'm an oncologist at Parkland Hospital.
Oh.
So what are you planning on doing
with the money?
Pancreatic cancer research.
All of it?
It's an underfunded field.
$100.000 will go a very long way.
And. sorry. why pancreatic cancer?
It takes people at a very young age.
often before they even get started.
It'll get a lot of years back.
A lot of potential.
This could make a really compelling story.
Would you consider letting me
interview you on camera?
This could draw a lot of attention
to this research that you're supporting.
I like to keep my private life private.
but maybe you could mention
the cause I'm donating to.
Yeah. I'll. um...
I'll do my best.
[horns honking]
Police just issued a warrant on a string
of hold-ups. those bodegas in Queens.
-Ed. that's you.
-Cool.
News conference at ten
to detail the manhunt.
Got it.
Kate. thanks for coming.
I've got a good one for you.
City Hall just yanked the permits
on that new high-rise in SoHo.
-What?
-[man] They already broke ground.
The whole block is a pit.
Well. something's going on.
Kate. grab Josh and get me some footage.
Actually. I wanna stay
on the Good Samaritan story.
Yeah. that's funny.
-Susan. I want you to--
-No. I'm serious.
A second woman called me last night.
She also found a bag of money
on her porch.
[Ed] A hundred grand?
Yeah. Same amount. same bag.
same number eight on the bag.
-Does she know who it's from?
-[Kate] No clue whatsoever.
And she doesn't even need the money.
You guys. she's a doctor.
She lives in a palace in Fort Greene.
She's donating it to cancer research.
-All of it?
-Yeah.
You get the interview?
She doesn't want to appear on camera.
-She wants to remain anonymous.
-[sighs]
Come on! Two identical bags of cash?
David. you don't think that's strange?
Yeah. but your second subject
just clammed up
and "something seems strange" is not news.
But there is a story here.
Maybe. but I can't go to air
without some on-the-record information.
Kate...
Hi. We just received a phone call
from a Jesse Durham
on the Upper West Side.
He said he found a bag of cash.
just like in your report. and...
he caught the guy on camera.
He left the bag here.
in front of my apartment door.
Caught him on the security camera
right here in the lobby.
$100.000 is a lot of money.
How will a gift like this
change your life?
A lot.
I hurt my back a while ago.
It laid me up for. like. three months.
I'm back on my feet now. but it ate
into my savings and then some.
Can you think of anyone
that would have wanted to help?
That's the thing.
I never told anyone I needed the money.
-[Kate] How do you plan to spend it?
-I'm gonna pay off my debts.
build my savings back up
to where they were before the accident.
and whatever's left. I'm...
I'm gonna give to the food bank
around the corner.
They were a real help to me when...
when things got tough.
Will you leave it on their doorstep?
[chuckles] No. I think
I'm gonna write them a check.
Security cameras
at this Upper West Side building
captured a glimpse
of the mysterious donor today
when he dropped a third bag
to carpenter Jesse Durham.
just hours after a second bag was left
at the home of a Brooklyn resident.
who wishes to remain anonymous.
Who is this Good Samaritan
who has now given away $300.000?
From the footage.
we can tell that he is male.
approximately six feet tall.
but the rest remains a mystery.
Kate Bradley. Channel 12 News.
[man]  Channel 12 welcomes your comments
on Good Sam.
Check out our website
at Channel12NewsNewYork.com
Someone we should know about?
Uh. not particularly. no.
Okay. Nice story tonight.
Well. thanks.
But you had more questions than answers.
and that's not gonna hold up.
You need to get some solid info
on Good Sam.
Okay. I will have something solid for you
by tomorrow.
If you get stuck--
-No. I'm not stuck.
-If you get stuck.
we can bring Susan in.
Good Sam is my story. David.
She might be able to help.
I don't need help. I got this.
[David] You're in early.
Did you sleep here?
I napped a little. I was working.
Listen. I think I found
a really solid lead on Good Sam.
I'm listening.
The people who found the money
live all over the city. right?
They have completely different backgrounds
and-- and professions.
It seems totally random.
In what world is that a solid lead?
It seems random. but then there's this.
The second and third recipients.
Marie Ellis and Jesse Durham.
both found their homes
through Inniswell Properties.
Inniswell's a big firm.
Big enough that it could be a coincidence.
but then. this.
Both Marie and Jesse worked
with the same Realtor. Patrick Hayes.
He's a partner at the firm.
[David] So all this
is some big publicity stunt?
Get a load of this.
Back in May. Inniswell announced
that they were going public.
Patrick led the press conference.
Everything fell apart
due to an internal crisis.
Just last week. the financial trades
announced that the IPO is back on.
Interesting.
Now. if you consider
the amount of publicity
that Inniswell would get as Good Sam.
300 grand's a bargain.
What about Hayes? Can he confirm or deny?
I haven't been able
to get in touch with him yet.
[David] So what's your plan?
I'm gonna show up at his office
and ask Patrick Hayes
to admit his agenda
for giving all this money away.
Do that and we'll promote Good Sam
as a follow-up on our noon cast.
-Thanks. David.
-Good work.
Hi. I'm Kate Bradley with Channel 12 News.
I'd like to speak with one
of your partners. Patrick Hayes. Is he in?
Can I ask what this is about?
I'd rather tell him directly.
Do you know when he'll be in?
I'm not sure.
Is that camera on? You're not gonna
put me on the news. are you?
Well. not if we can talk to Patrick Hayes.
but we've got to run something.
I'm sorry. I'm-- I'm just a temp.
I started on Monday.
All I know is. uh...
I'm supposed to forward his mail.
-Let me go ask.
-Great. Thank you.
[camera shutter clicking]
This is where a partner
in Inniswell Properties lives?
No kidding. If he's a land baron.
he sure hides it well.
-It should be this one.
-Yeah.
Hi. I'm Kate Bradley.
We're with Channel 12 News.
Yeah. we met. actually.
The other day
at the Brooklyn warehouse fire.
That was you?
[chuckles]
Hey. You took a big risk
for a shot on the 11 o'clock news.
Well. that's what we do. right?
Both got to get close to the fire
to do our jobs.
Yeah. except one of us
had state-of-the-art fire protection
and the other one had a camera.
Uh. my camera. actually.
Okay. but did you see the footage?
I mean. you pulled three people out
in ten minutes. It was unbelievable.
Look. if you're here for an interview
or something.
you've gotta go through
the FDNY press office.
Actually. we're here about Good Sam.
Good who?
In the last 24 hours.
three people have each found
100 grand in cash on their doorsteps.
We're looking for the anonymous
Good Samaritan behind it.
Okay. and how can I help?
Well. for starters...
are you Good Sam?
No.
But. uh. I'd like to know why you came
all the way down here to ask me that.
Two of the three people
who found the money
got their homes
through Inniswell Properties.
Uh...
Yeah. I think you got your wires crossed.
Patrick Hayes used to be a partner
at Inniswell Properties.
I'm his brother. Eric.
Um. wait. He  used  to be a partner?
Yeah. he died five months ago.
I'm so sorry. I-I had no idea.
Well. I'm sorry
I couldn't be of more help.
If you. uh-- if you think of anything.
you can call me...
-anytime.
-Sure.
Good luck with your story.
Thanks.
What?
-[Josh] Never thought I'd see it.
-See what?
You are rock solid
when you're interviewing the police chief
or the mayor. but...
when you were talking to Eric Hayes...
you were flustered.
I was not flustered. I'm never flustered.
You were pretty flustered.
-[Kate] No.
-Flustered.
-[cell phone vibrates]
-Look at Kate. She is flustered!
Hello?
[man]  Hello. Have I reached
the talented Kate Bradley?
This is Kate. Who's this?
Jack Hansen.
How are you this morning?
I see you didn't let the fact
that I never gave you my number stop you.
Oh. I have top secret ways
to get that confidential information.
Mm-hm.
Is it someone by the name
of Senator Ashok Bradley?
Any chance you might reconsider
having dinner with me?
Or shall I tell my skywriter pilot
to fly over Channel 12
and write out an invitation?
Hmm. an invitation by skywriter
would be original but. uh. overboard.
I've been thinking about your rule
of not dating anyone
in your father's political circle.
and... does it extend to donors?
'Cause. I mean.
I'm just a lowly hedge fund manager
trying to take you out for dinner.
Mmm.
Um...
Sure. Why not?
Great.
I'll swing by the station.
pick you up at seven?
Seven it is. See you then.
Sounds good.   See you then.
There. See?
I'm going out with someone else.
Yeah. but you weren't
the least bit flustered.
-Whatever.
-[cell phone chimes and vibrates]
Oh. We gotta go to Staten Island.
Why?
[Kate] David's orders. via text.
David can text?
He's learning.
"Goop Wam made another muddy drop."
-Another one?
-Same bag. same cash.
And this time. he left a note.
Okay. [exhales]
Good Sam is the man that everyone
in New York is talking about.
and yet his identity remains a mystery.
Kate Bradley reports from Staten Island.
where a paralegal found $100.000 today.
along with a note.
What did the note say?
"This is for you to go to law school."
Do you want to go to law school?
It's been my dream my whole life.
I've been a paralegal for ten years.
[woman]
You hang around lawyers that long...
you kind of wonder
what it'd be like to be the boss.
[Kate]  The recipient says
she was accepted...
-You look nice.
-Thanks.
-Where are you going?
-Um. just out.
-Okay. Good night.
-Good night.
[Kate]  We asked who might have heard
about this life-long dream.
Just about everyone I know.
But no one has $100.000 to give me.
[Susan]  Thank you. Kate.
My dad still doesn't understand
why I chose to go to journalism school
instead of law school like he did.
Yeah. but...
I know that your dad is very proud of you.
He's slowly warming up
to this whole reporter thing.
He likes the Good Sam stories I'm doing.
Wow. Everywhere I go.
I keep hearing about this Good Sam.
Oh. I can't believe
the numbers we're getting
on a story about someone doing good.
-Really?
-Yeah. It's crazy.
Speaking of good.
this is what they're famous for here.
Okay.
-Mmm.
-Ah?
Mmm.
I'm not usually a dessert fan.
but. wow. that is incredible.
See? And you never would have known
if you hadn't bent your dating rule.
I'm glad you did.
You know. I had almost forgotten
that I met you at that fundraiser.
I hope it's not just
the peach cobbler speaking.
[laughs]
It is not just the peach cobbler speaking.
But if you thought I was gonna share this
with you. you're sadly mistaken.
So I'm gonna order my own now?
-Yeah. I think that's best.
-Okay.
[laughs]
Interest in Good Sam continues to grow.
with all five boroughs abuzz
with these random acts of generosity.
who could be behind them.
and when and where
the next bag of money might appear.
If I had $100.000.
I'd move out of my parents' house
and get a sweet apartment downtown.
If I had $100.000.
I would pay off mine
and my daughter's student loans.
and then I'd take us both to Hawaii.
We received thousands
of phone calls. emails. and videos
in response to our reporting.
like this one from Sylvia.
one of our youngest viewers.
Hi. Good Sam. My name is Sylvia.
I hope you see this.
My mommy is really sick.
and we need your help
for some medicine she needs.
Could you choose our family next?
Still. there are no leads
on Good Sam's identity.
The question at the top
of every New Yorker's mind.
Good Sam. who are you?
Any new leads on Good Sam's identity?
Oh. how'd that Realtor thing work out?
Dead end. just like everything else.
We know who he's not.
Yeah. we spoke to a bunch
of charities and foundations.
They all said that no reasonable
non-profit would ever operate this way.
-We even called an FBI profiler.
-Any insights?
Just that we have no idea who Good Sam is.
Look. he might seem like Santa Claus
or some other benevolent figure.
but the profiler said it's just as likely
that something darker. even dangerous.
is motivating this.
Kate. there's a man here asking for you.
He says he's Good Sam.
What does he look like?
Mid-thirties. maybe six foot-ish.
Matches Jesse Durham's security footage.
Um... yeah. tell him I'll be right there.
So. Tyler. is It?
Good Sam.
Uh-huh.
Uh. tell me how you got all this money
to give away.
I built an app for this little company
and it got sold to a giant company.
Mm-hmm.
And. um. why are you doing all this?
I wanted to do an anonymous
social experiment for good.
To share my wealth with random strangers.
Isn't that what we should all be doing?
Sure. yeah.
And. um. how did you choose
your recipients?
I wrote some code
that would randomly select
residential addresses in New York City.
Ah. And why this way. though?
You know. leaving $100.000
on people's doorsteps.
I found it was a creative way to do it.
It is. isn't it?
Are we doing the interview in there.
at the-- the news desk?
-Uh. I need to collect some facts first.
-Because everybody knows I'm him.
I mean.
that's why they're all looking at me.
A few days ago. you left $100.000
for a woman so she could go to law school.
What was her first name again?
I...
Sorry. I-- I can't remember every detail.
It's okay. Take a moment.
I never mentioned her name
in any of my reports.
so you'd be the only one to know.
Remind me. what is her name?
Is it. um. Elizabeth Haywood? Is that it?
Yeah. that's it.
That's-- that's her name. I remember now.
Mm-hmm.
Her name was Faith.
How could you forget someone's name
who you just gave $100.000?
I think this Good Sam is inspiring hope.
Times like these. people need it.
I just keep wondering
what he hopes to gain by all this.
Well. is it possible
that he doesn't expect anything?
That's pretty unlikely.
The problem is he stopped giving.
I mean. biggest story of my career
and it looks like it might be over.
Not one single money drop yesterday.
I have a feeling you'll find a way
to keep it going.
Thanks. Dad.
Any chance you'll come with me
to the mayor's house tonight?
I know. I know.
You can't stand political events. but...
you seemed to enjoy the last one.
The last one was not awful. I'll admit.
Yeah.
Could it be because of Jack Hansen?
Our brief conversation wasn't dull.
You shouldn't hold the fact
that he's one of my donors against him.
He's a... He's a smart guy.
A lot of smart guys in New York. Dad.
And ambitious. like you are.
And when you're not busy
chasing news stories. you...
might like to get to know him better.
We'll see.
Okay?
So. Christina. a week ago. you received
$100.000 from an anonymous donor.
Can you tell us
what's happened since then?
I would say
that Good Sam changed my life forever.
And not just because I'm able
to take care of my family
and buy a few new things.
but because of how he changed me.
And how's that?
He made me see that I could help others.
Like my neighbor. You know?
She takes three buses to get to her job.
So. I decided why don't I help her
like Good Sam helped me?
So I went out and I bought her a car.
You bought her a car?
I gave it to her this morning.
Her whole family cried.
And me...
I've never been happier
about anything I've done.
So getting this gift from Good Sam
-inspired you to give to someone else?
-Mm-hmm.
It's spreading.
Like miracles do.
I can't believe Christina used her money
to buy a car for a stranger.
Yeah. And that Marie gave all her stash
to some charity?
Yeah. To pancreatic cancer research
at her hospital.
She texted me.
Apparently. their donations have tripled
since we mentioned it in the news.
It's like Good Sam's generosity
is contagious.
[cell phone vibrates]
Here we go.
Hey. David. We're headed back right now.
-[David]  Are you still in the Bronx?
-Yeah. why?
Police scanner said
there's a construction worker
dangling off the side
of the Hope Watson building.
Your van's the closest.
-Can you be live in three?
-Three minutes?
It's a news van. not a time machine.
I heard that. Josh.
I want eyeballs on this one.
The fire department can't reach him
with ladders.
so they're gonna send someone
from the roof.
My FDNY source says
it's the rescue one team from station 72.
[Kate]  72? Who's the rescuer?
Uh. Eric Hayes.
but don't say his name on the air.
[police radio chatter]
-Looks like we're first on the scene.
-[David]  Great.
-Calling my guy at the fire station.
-David. are you seeing this?
We're gonna go live in ten seconds.
Stand by. Kate.
Keep your phone up.
and I'll feed you info as it comes in.
In five. four. three...
[Kate] We are live in the Bronx
where a construction worker
repairing brickwork
now finds himself trapped.
hanging over a hundred feet above ground.
FDNY are attempting a daring rescue here.
sending a lone firefighter
rappelling down the side of the building.
The worker is trying to--
-[gasps] Oh! Uh...
-[crowd clamoring]
Um...
The worker has slipped.
He is now clinging to the edge
of his scaffolding.
surely panicked
it won't hold his weight much longer.
Okay. it looks like the rescuer's got him.
He's attaching him to his harness.
And it looks like they're okay.
Another astonishing rescue
from our heroes at the FDNY.
Big sighs of relief here
in the South Bronx.
Go to a stand-up wrap-up. and get me
an interview for the six o'clock cast.
A perilous situation. a dangerous rescue.
A New York City construction worker
will go home safe to his family.
thanks to a hero at the FDNY.
Reporting live from the Bronx.
I'm Kate Bradley. Channel 12 News.
-[Josh] He said he doesn't do interviews.
-[Kate] Sit tight till I talk him into it.
Um. excuse me.
I'm looking for Eric Hayes.
Could you let him know that Kate
from Channel 12 News is here. please?
Yeah.
Hayes is in.
but he's not talking to reporters.
-Oh--
-Hey. George. it's all good.
Thanks.
Hi.
-I was at the construction worker rescue.
-Again?
-We've gotta stop meeting like this.
-[laughs]
I'm really glad you're okay.
Yeah. Looks more impressive than it is.
You know. we're pretty well-trained.
Yeah. but it must be hard
putting your life on the line every day.
I like knowing I'm making things better.
you know.
See. that's exactly
why you should do an interview.
Look. I cover the bummer beat
every single day.
Sorry. the what?
You know. um. disaster. murder. violence.
the things that go wrong.
But today. I watched you take something
that had gone horribly wrong...
and you made it right.
And when that happens...
viewers need to see that.
I feel like you can talk anyone
into an interview.
Just not today.
You're not gonna convince me.
Well. can I ask why?
You ask a lot of questions.
Well. I am a reporter.
It's kind of what we do.
We can't all be heroes like you. you know.
I'm not a hero. I'm just doing my job.
You know. I'm at work right now.
just like you.
Right.
So. really. no interview?
My editor's gonna kill me.
No.
But maybe
we should do this again sometime.
you know. without the emergency vehicles.
-Um. yeah. Yeah. I'd like that.
-[cell phone vibrates and chimes]
Oh. sorry.
Yeah?
Central Park? I got Sunday off.
-Yeah. Yeah. Sunday-- Sunday works great.
-[cell phone chimes]
I'm so sorry. I have to go.
This is my editor.
Apparently Good Sam
is giving away money again.
-Really? Where?
-Uh...
Sunnyside and Lenox Hill.
You really can't be Good Sam. can you?
-I've had eyes on you all day.
-[phone chimes]
Okay. I've got to go.
I'll see you on Sunday.
-[Eric] I'll text you.
-Great.
[man sighing]
Hey. Lauren said that you--
-What's going on?
-[sighs]
We got scooped.
-What?
-Yeah.
That woman in Sunnyside
who found a hundred grand...
Channel 3 just reported it an hour ago.
-You're kidding?
-Mm-hmm.
The family in Lenox Hill...
Channel 9 just reported that
on their six o'clock cast.
-But you sent me to that building rescue.
-No. no.
The news sent you.
And you knocked it out of the park.
Kate...
you were meant for the bummer beat.
That's your thing.
Fires. car crashes.
Black Friday riots at the mall.
This Good Sam story. not so much.
Is this supposed to be
some kind of pep talk. 'cause I'm not--
Management wants a bigger name on this.
They want Susan.
On my story?
Come on. Kate. You know how this works.
Every other station
has their most senior reporter on it.
and Susan does have 15 years' experience--
And an Emmy Award. I know. I get it.
But I'm the one that broke this story.
remember?
Please just give me some more time.
I will find Good Sam.
It's a done deal.
Susan's out covering the latest drop-offs.
[scoffs]
[David] Look...
Send her your notes.
I've got you at 10:00 a.m. in Queens.
covering the garbage strike deadline.
Garbage strike.
Wow.
It'll be an easy day. You could use it.
Yeah. okay.
Kate...
There's a bigger story out there for you.
Damn it.
Good Sam struck again today.
New York City's mysterious philanthropist
left $100.000 cash
on a lucky family's doorstep in Queens.
This is the seventh gift
from New York City's Good Sam.
[Josh] Do we have to listen
to Susan's report on our story?
-It's killing me.
-I know.
From Hunters Point. Queens.
I'm Susan Andrews...
Wait. Hunters Point?
-What's up?
-Well...
the first four Good Sam gifts
were left all over the city. but...
Look.
These last three were close together.
David took you off Good Sam.
I'm allowed to be curious.
Consider this my new hobby.
[cell phone chimes and vibrates]
What is it?
Just a text message
from someone claiming to be Good Sam.
What's it say?
Seriously?
I'm sure it's just another fake.
"Dear Kate. I want to set
the record straight about who I am
and why I've been giving away
substantial sums of money."
Scooch.
"I'm willing to reveal myself to you.
and only you.
a reporter I know I can trust."
I mean. we've heard this before.
Lots of guys out there
claiming to be Good Sam.
[cell phone chimes]
"If you'd like proof that I'm Good Sam.
go see John Baylor
at 225 Watson in Astoria.
I left $100.000 on his front porch
an hour ago."
Okay. but seriously. I'm sure
reporters all over the city got this text.
Yeah. sounds pretty spammy to me too.
but Watson Street in Astoria
is right near Hunters Point.
-Is it?
-Mm-hmm.
You know what? You're right. It is.
So then. what are we waiting for?
Let's go see
what's on John Baylor's front porch.
-Which one did you say it is?
-I think it's across there.
[Josh]
So you're really sure about this. huh?
-I just have a hunch.
-A hunch that we're gonna get murdered?
It's broad daylight.
What's the worst that could happen?
-Famous last words.
-[laughs]
Hi. John Baylor?
Yeah.
I'm from Channel 12 News.
Yeah. I know who you are.
You're the second surprise
to show up on my front porch today.
By that. do you mean you also found
a bag with a stack of cash in it?
Yeah. it was--
Wait. how did you know?
I just got home 20 minutes ago.
We. um...
We're just that good. [laughs]
Would you be willing
to do an interview for the news?
Yeah. but you'll want to talk to Sylvia.
Sylvia!
She's the reason why Good Sam chose us.
-Honey.
-Hi.
Hi. how are you?
I'm good. And you?
-Good. thanks.
-Would you guys like to come in?
Oh. yeah. thank you.
[John] Right this way.
[John]  My wife is really sick.
There's a treatment.
but. um. our insurance doesn't cover it.
So. my daughter. she said.
"Daddy. can we make a video for Good Sam?"
And Sylvia. why did you decide
you wanted to send a message to Good Sam?
[Sylvia]  I wanted him to help my mommy.
[John]  Then I made a video on my phone.
and we posted it on the Channel 12 site.
Yeah. and I was on the news just like you.
[Kate]  That's right. You were.
If Good Sam were watching right now.
what would you like to say to him?
Good Sam...
you're giving us back some hope...
some plans for our future. when...
we really thought we were out of both.
Thank you.
Thank you. Good Sam.
We had to make sure the lead was legit
before we brought it to you.
You're gonna run it. right?
I mean. that kid. Like. come on.
It's good. all right? It's good.
But this is Susan's story.
and this is not gonna go over well
with station management.
David. we are the only station
that has this story. for now.
All right. fine. I'll run it.
But in case I wasn't clear before.
you get any more leads.
you bring them to her.
-Okay. but what if Good Sam doesn't--
-[David] Kate. Kate...
Kate. please. just--
just do what I ask you. For once?
What are you looking at?
He's fun.
[door closes]
-It was good.
-It was good. It was very good.
My dad and I actually raced a boat
here once. We took seventh place.
No kidding. I probably saw you there.
When my brother and I weren't out sailing
with my dad. we were here racing boats.
We built our own models every winter
to race the next summer.
-Wait. you built them?
-Yeah.
Fancy.
Do you still sail?
Ah. no. not anymore.
Um. so. tell me about kid Eric.
Was he as obsessed with fire trucks
as he was boats?
Well. yeah. Every kid dreams
of being a firefighter.
I'm just one of the lucky grown-ups
who got to be.
I'm not sure everyone
would describe a job
where you have to risk your life daily
to save strangers as "lucky."
All right. Maybe not lucky. then.
Useful... works.
I like knowing that I'm useful.
[Kate] Hmm.
That and the ability to cook at work.
Kid Eric also loved his toy kitchen.
-Oh. really?
-Yeah.
Nice.
I mean. if you're free sometime this week.
I'd love to cook you dinner.
A home-cooked meal?
I will not say no to that.
-[cell phone chimes]
-Ooh. sorry.
Everything okay?
Yeah. sorry.
Um. it's just another text from Good Sam.
Another text?
Yeah. he texted me yesterday
with an address
for the money that he left
for a family in Astoria.
You didn't go. did you?
Josh and I went. And the lead panned out.
The money was there and everything.
What does this one say?
"Uh. now that you know I'm Good Sam.
meet me at nine tonight on level 5A
of the parking lot at Center and White.
Come alone and don't bring cameras."
Why would he want a reporter
to come alone without cameras?
Oh. I have met sources
in some pretty sketchy places. trust me.
Yeah. but still.
somebody who gives away this kind of money
would either want to keep it
completely quiet
or meet you someplace safe
for a proper interview.
I-I don't know. I don't trust this guy.
I wouldn't go if I were you.
But he's my story.
I have to know who he is.
And plus. he's changing things.
I mean. he's making people
want to help others.
All right. If you insist
on meeting this Good Sam...
at least let me come with you.
Thanks. but I'll be fine.
Come on. let me do this.
He won't know. but I'll be there.
making sure you're safe.
Okay.
Thanks.
[tires squeal in the distance]
[car door closes]
[horn honks]
[tires squeal in the distance]
[people chattering]
[cell phone vibrates]
-[Eric]  You all right?
-[sighs]
Hey.
[Eric]  I'm here.
I haven't taken my eyes
off you for the past ten minutes.
Um. I'm really glad you're here.
wherever that is.
Look. don't worry. Kate.
I won't let anything happen to you.
Thanks.
Uh... he's late.
I'm worried he's not gonna show at all.
-Oh. hey. I think that's him. I gotta go.
- Okay.
Jack?
Good Sam.
-Sorry I'm late.
-Wait. you're Good Sam?
Why didn't you just come out and tell me?
Uh...
I can-- I can explain everything.
just not here.
-Can we go talk somewhere else?
-Sure.
-Hey! Is everything okay?
-What the hell do you think you're doing?
[Kate] Oh. it's okay.
Jack. this is Eric Hayes.
Kate. I asked you to come alone.
Are you Good Sam?
All you need to know
is that she's completely safe with me.
It's okay. Jack's a friend of my dad's.
I know him.
[horn honks]
All right. we gotta go.
We're blocking this guy. so...
I'll call you.
[horn honks]
Eight's always been my lucky number.
and on the eighth of this month.
I made $800.000 on an investment.
Even I wasn't expecting it.
So I figured if it just fell into my lap.
why not someone else's?
And how did you choose the people
you wanted to help?
Like Christina Gomez.
I just kept my ears open.
My assistant goes to church
with Christina.
and then I saw Sylvia Baylor's video
on your report.
But why all the secrecy?
I mean. why not just give them the money
and tell them who it's from?
I didn't want the attention.
You know. that's why I hired someone
to drop off the money.
And what about the text messages to me?
Mmm.
When I saw that they gave Susan Andrews
your Good Sam story.
I thought
if I got in touch with you directly.
then you could get your story back.
But now everyone's talking about Good Sam.
and I keep expecting a reporter to...
burst into my office with a camera crew.
I'm in way over my head here. Kate.
I'm-- I'm kind of hoping
that you can help me figure out...
what to do next.
I think what you should do next
is try to get ahead of the story.
You should let me interview you.
No.
No. I really don't want to be a story.
Look. if you go public
and tell people why you did this.
the story can go back to being
about helping people.
instead of this mystery
around who is Good Sam.
You really think that'll help?
I do.
And I think it'll inspire people.
Okay.
-I trust you.
-[laughs]
Okay. great.
I'll need proof. of course.
Copies of the statements of the windfall
you're talking about. withdrawals--
Yeah. I'll. uh.
email you everything tonight.
Great.
I know who Good Sam is.
-Go on.
-His name is Jack Hansen.
He runs a hedge fund
called Northern Lights Investments.
He made about $800.000 last month
on a stock deal no one else
thought to make.
Says he decided to give it away.
Got any solid evidence?
He's the one that gave me the tip about
the money being at John Baylor's house.
-Okay. but does that prove it's him?
-No. but this might.
His financial records.
Look here.
The day before this all started.
before Christina Gomez found the money.
Jack Hansen withdrew $400.000
from his account. all at once.
Then here. again.
the day before the fifth bag appears.
Hansen withdraws another $400.000.
I mean. that's gotta be more
than just a coincidence.
That's what you said
about the dead Realtor.
Okay. but this time I'm sure I'm right.
David. he wants to give me
an exclusive interview.
Any evidence
you didn't get from Hansen himself
that you can corroborate
with another source?
Other than the Baylor tip. no.
but if we wait.
he could take the story elsewhere.
[David sighs]
Say yes and I will sit down with Hansen
right away.
I can't do it.
Station management
will come down on me hard
if I go with you and not Susan
for something this big.
You know what?
This story is not just about Jack Hansen.
This story is about how Channel 12
was the first station to find Good Sam.
a man that everyone has been looking for.
And I am the only one
that can tell that story.
[sighs]
Jack. what inspired you to do this?
I wanted to help the workers.
Regular people who work two jobs
to put a roof over their families' heads.
who pay taxes
while living paycheck to paycheck.
They're working longer and harder
these days and...
they should not be forgotten.
So why come forward now?
Um. many people were claiming to be me.
I just wanted to set the record straight
about what I wanted to accomplish.
And what is that?
I wanted to lend a hand
in the best way that I could...
to...
the soldiers in our everyday lives.
The people who keep our factories open.
who teach our kids in school.
Without those people...
our city could not function.
They deserve our support.
Thank you. Jack.
I've been speaking with Jack Hansen.
Manhattan hedge fund manager
who says he's Good Sam.
the man behind the anonymous cash gifts
being left on New York City doorsteps.
Over to you. Chuck.
[woman] And we're out.
-[cheering]
-[man] Wow.
-[man 2] That's it. Wrap it up.
-[man 3] Let's move it over. guys.
-[woman] Good story.
-[man 4] Next set up.
So did you get. uh.
everything you wanted?
Oh. yeah. You couldn't have been better.
So I just got off the phone
with the network.
and they want a special report
for their national broadcast.
The story's going national tonight?
Yep. Uh. you better lay low
because. come six o'clock tonight.
you're gonna be a very famous man.
Ah. I'll make sure to enjoy
my remaining anonymity.
This is a great thing you're doing here.
Jack.
Thank you.
[laughs]
Wow. Uh. okay. I'm not ready
for this day to be over.
What do you think
about grabbing something to eat?
Sure. But you should keep
a low profile tonight. like David said.
Do you know anywhere
kind of out of the spotlight?
I know just the place.
-Great.
-[elevator bell dings]
[speaking Spanish]
Oh. wow.
Our interview aired 15 minutes ago
and we're already over 10.000 hits.
Are you surprised?
-You're a great interviewer.
-Thanks.
Okay. ready for the best Mexican food
in Manhattan?
Yes. I am.
Oh. shoot. Channel 9's here. We should go.
-We should go out the back.
-Jack Hansen! Good Sam!
Who are you gonna give the money to next?
Um... I'm gonna make this brief.
I want to help the workers.
Uh. regular people who work two jobs
to put a roof over their families' heads.
who pay taxes
while living paycheck to paycheck.
They're working longer and harder
these days. and...
they should not be forgotten.
-Are you going to be giving again?
-No more questions.
[exhales]
That was. uh...
unexpected.
Yeah. no kidding.
How did they know where to find us?
Someone must have followed us
from the station.
Oh.
Looks like we're not gonna able to stop
people from talking about Good Sam.
I guess not.
You know.
I noticed that what you told the reporters
was almost word for word
what you said in our interview.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
Guess I rehearsed too much last night.
Probably over-prepared for our interview.
I'm glad I did. though.
-You were phenomenal.
-[laughs]
I think. uh... I think you're gonna
be able to leverage this story for...
whatever you want.
Anchor. network. write your ticket.
That's not what I want out of this story.
Okay. Well. uh...
what. um...
what do you want then?
Why were you looking for me. for Good Sam?
Because he's...
You are exactly
what I didn't think existed.
Someone doing good.
expecting nothing in return.
I'm...
glad you found me then.
[chuckles]
Oh. um...
That's not what I meant. I...
Sorry. I...
I thought that. um...
-there was a spark between us.
-No. no. there was. but...
you're my story now.
Look. it's been a long day.
-Would you mind just taking me home?
-Yeah. Of course.
Um...
Let's. uh... Let's hop on the bridge.
-[driver] Mm-hmm.
-Thanks.
[horns honking in the distance]
[Kate] Hey.
I. um... I've been texting you
but hadn't heard back yet.
Sorry. it's been a...
-Been a rough shift.
-Oh.
And I was a little thrown the other night
when your Good Sam showed up.
Yeah. No. I was as surprised as you.
Really?
Thought he was your father's friend.
And I. uh. saw him leading you out
of a restaurant last night on Channel 9.
Well. he's the subject of my story.
[woman] Anybody want a coffee? I'm going.
I'd say you've got your hands full.
Well. are we still on for dinner
tomorrow night?
[alarm sounds.
man speaks indistinctly over PA]
I'll text you.
Come on. guys. Get a move on!
[man] Hustle. hustle. hustle!
[Eric] Let's go. Come on!
[woman] Moving out!
[siren wailing]
Oh. my God. look. You have to see this.
National News Dispatch.
New York Daily View.
and don't even get me started
on your emails.
Your interview
has over a million views online.
-I'm sorry. did you say a million?
-Yeah.
[Kate laughs]
-Well done. Kate. Good job.
-All right. people. Listen up.
Last night's interview with Good Sam
got us the highest ratings
in the station's history.
-[man 1] Yeah!
-[man 2] Good job!
Thanks to Kate. who got the interview
that every station and every network.
I might add. was trying to get.
And the story keeps growing.
Lauren. tell her about the call
we got from Washington Heights.
A woman called to say she started
an Anonymous Good Samaritan Club.
They'll be following
Good Sam's philosophy.
They've already bought a wheelchair
for a veteran in their neighborhood.
And some guy in line at the grocery store
in Staten Island
anonymously paid for the next ten people.
-Wow.
-Kate. see if you can get Hansen
-to talk on camera to people he helped.
-Sure.
Lauren. give me
man-in-the-street-type interviews.
Ed. see if you can get some reaction
from workers on Good Sam's philosophy.
This is our time. people.
Let's take this story higher. huh?
Yeah! Whoo!
Guys. look! It's Good Sam.
[Christina] Good Sam!
Don't worry. You're gonna be great.
[Jack] Christina.
Hi.
[both laugh]
Oh. Good Sam.
Oh.
[speaking Spanish]
I can't thank you enough
for what you did for my family.
But how did you know we needed help?
I had a system for finding out
who was in need.
Uh. Jack. you said that you knew
about Christina's situation
because your assistant attends her church.
Oh. who is it? I want to thank her.
Carla...
Muñoz. Um...
Long dark hair. brown eyes.
She said that your faith.
uh. inspired her.
-[cell phone chimes and vibrates]
-Oh.
Uh. Kate.
are we just about wrapped up here?
I'm late for a meeting.
I just have a couple more questions.
It's gonna have to wait. unfortunately.
Sorry. Christina.
-We're done?
-Uh. yeah. Thanks. Christina.
Hey. is everything okay?
Uh. yeah. yeah. Uh...
I'm headed to Senator Wintour's party
tonight. I'll see you there?
Oh. um. I wasn't planning on it.
My dad's in D.C.
Still. he's a family friend. right?
And I'm going there.
It'll be fun.
Okay. I'll think about it.
Thanks.
Don't know how he'll get through meetings
when all anyone's talking about
is Good Sam.
Something was off with Jack today.
Well. it's a lot to take in.
One day. he's managing a hedge fund.
the next. he's on the national news.
Still. though...
He seemed incredibly uncomfortable
around Christina.
Maybe he felt awkward.
He just gave the woman $100.000.
What's there to feel awkward about?
Yeah. well. when I give someone $100.000.
I'll let you know.
Fair enough.
[Jack]  I wanted to lend a hand
in the best way that I could...
to the people
who keep our factories open...
who fix our cars and our plumbing...
who bake our bread...
How many times
are you gonna watch the Good Sam interview
you did with Jack Hansen?
As many times as it takes
for me to figure this thing out.
He's up to something.
I just don't know what it is yet.
Here. watch this.
-I wanted to...
-As Good Sam...
-...help the workers.
-...I want to help the workers.
[both]  Regular people who work two jobs
to put a roof over their families' heads.
Who pay taxes
while living paycheck to paycheck...
Look. the soundbites are near perfect.
It's almost too polished.
Yeah. you're right. Solid delivery too.
-Mm-hmm.
-[both]  They should not be forgotten.
[Kate]  Yet. some of the people you helped
weren't needy or poor.
-Can you do me a favor?
-Yeah.
Will you please tell David   that I am
chasing a lead at an event tonight?
Tonight? Why are you leaving now?
Ah. because it's black tie.
which means I probably should've started
getting ready two hours ago.
-Right.
-Thanks.
[sighs]
[Kate] I know. I know.
David. I'm sorry I bailed on work.
but I can't tell you where I am right now.
At least. not just yet.
But I promise you. no other reporter
is with Good Sam tonight.
Okay. I'll call you later.
Hi. My name is Kate Bradley.
I'm Ashok Bradley's daughter.
-Sorry. I don't see you on the list.
-Um...
Could you just tell Senator Wintour
I'm here. please?
This is a private party.
-Kate!
-Hi!
What a surprise!
I didn't know you were coming.
-It's okay.
-May I take your things?
Please. Thanks.
Come in.
It was a last-minute decision.
I hope you don't mind.
-No.
-It's so nice to see you. Tom.
So. listen. you know Ashok's not here.
right?
No. I know. He's still in D.C.
Um. I'm actually not here to see him.
I'm-- I'm looking for Jack Hansen.
Okay. so...
you know about the big announcement. then?
Uh... big announcement?
I'll let him tell you.
-Look. he's around here somewhere. so...
-I'll find him.
-Nice to see you.
[man] Absolutely. One hundred percent.
Thank you so. so much.
Wow. this is the best surprise
of the evening. You look astonishing.
Thank you.
I'm. uh. happy you made it after all.
Me too.
Hey. so. what's this big announcement
that Tom told me about?
Oh. I'm. uh...
I'm running for Congress.
What?
Um...
-When did you decide this?
-Uh...
A group of businessmen
approached me and...
convinced me to run.
So. wait. Um...
In our interview.
when you were talking about the workers.
the ones who live paycheck to paycheck.
that was...
What? That was your campaign statement?
Kate. no.
I-I believe everything that I said.
It's why I gave away that money.
It's why I'm running for Congress.
So...
how do you explain the gift to Marie?
Marie?
Yeah. she's the oncologist
who works at Parkland Hospital.
Lives in a three-million-dollar house
in Fort Greene.
Not exactly one of the workers
that you claim to want to help.
Yeah. but. um...
she-- she also...
uh. is on a number of charitable boards.
and I... I just had this feeling. like.
she would do something good with it.
and she did.
Look. Kate. I know that you're not
a big fan of the political world.
but your dad's given me his full support.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Hmm.
Wow.
Willing or not.
you sure have figured out a way
to get the Bradleys involved
in your big plan.
Look. um...
I'm gonna make
a formal announcement on Friday.
and I'd love to give you
an exclusive interview.
But. until then.
can we keep this between me and you?
Sure. Why not?
[Wintour] Well. there you two are.
Kate. I've put you and Jack at our table.
Candace wants to catch up
on everything you're doing.
You heard the big news?
Indeed I did.
and been promised an exclusive interview.
[Wintour chuckles]
Jack. the 12th district's
a real coveted seat.
And I think his idea
of protecting the workers of this city
is gonna be a real breath of fresh air.
Jack. my boy. come with me.
There's somebody I want you to meet.
[Wintour chuckles]
[telephones rings]
David. I've got something.
Jack Hansen is running for Congress
in the 12th district.
-No kidding?
-I'd vote for him. for sure.
[David] How do you know this?
I. uh... I crashed a party
at Senator Wintour's house last night.
He could give the incumbent a run.
now that Hansen's a name people know.
Yeah. thanks to us.
He's running on a public image
that we created for him.
It was never actual news.
Just a performance
by yet another ambitious politician.
Well. at least Jack Hansen's trying
to help people. We could do worse.
[scoffs] Don't you get it?
He used us.
-[cell phone vibrates]
-Keep digging.
Sorry. guys.
Hey. Dad. Thanks for calling me back.
[Ashok]  My assistant said it was urgent.
It is.
Jack just told me
he's running for Congress.
I thought you said it was urgent. I left
a Senate Finance Committee meeting.
[Kate]  Dad. please.
I need to know when Jack decided to run.
When hasn't he talked about
running for office?
Was it the 12th district?
I remember a while back.
he asked if he had a shot.
And what? You said yes?
Are you backing him?
Well. actually. at the time. I said no.
The people who'd had that position
were always household names.
and Jack really didn't have that.
Not yet. anyway.
Not until he created Good Sam
to get everyone's attention.
Well. you can't really fault him
for taking advantage of notoriety.
And. as a Congressional candidate.
maybe he can take
this generosity movement and...
make some real change with it.
Dad. it's manipulative.
Can't you see that?
All right. Listen. I-I've gotta go.
I'll. um... I'll call you later.
[sighs]
[cell phone vibrates and chimes]
♪ You're yellow-coated ♪
♪ Like the bracelet on your right hand ♪
-[Eric] You all done?
-[Kate] Yes.
Hey. sit. I got it.
Okay. thanks.
You weren't lying. by the way.
You are a really good cook.
Well. you know. you pick up a thing or two
cooking for the guys at the fire station.
Listen. I think I made some assumptions
about you and Jack.
And. um. I hope I misread some things.
Jack is just my interview subject.
And it turns out
you were right not to trust him.
He's running for Congress.
He launched a political career
after coming forward as Good Sam.
[Kate] Exactly.
Just further proof
that no one does anything good
without expecting something in return.
I like to think that's not true.
-Coffee?
-Ooh. yeah. Thanks.
So did you fix this place up yourself?
Because. man. it's amazing.
[Eric] Yeah. It's a work in progress.
Is this you
captaining this beautiful sailboat?
Yeah. That's when me and my brother took
the crew up to a friend's place in Maine.
Camden Harbor.
-Is this Patrick?
-Yeah.
He was always the first one on the boat
and the last one off.
Everyone called him Fish.
Hmm. Fish.
-Did you have a nickname?
-Hawkins.
Like the kid from  Treasure Island.
Hawkins. I like that.
And who's that?
Um. just a friend of my brother's.
So is this what dinner's always like
with a reporter? All the questions.
Pretty much.
When was the last time you went sailing?
Come on. That wasn't a hard one. was it?
Not since Patrick died.
It just hasn't felt right without him.
I'm sorry. I-I didn't realize.
Do you mind if I ask what happened?
Ah. you don't wanna hear about that.
I'm listening. if you want to tell me.
[exhales]
Um...
My brother and I went sailing in May
for my birthday.
And he was so excited...
about this new route
that he'd planned out and...
and the surprise he had for me
when we got there.
And the weather was perfect.
Sun in the sky. a few clouds.
And then the wind just picked up.
and all of a sudden...
this wall of water just came toward us.
And the boom swung loose and...
hit Patrick in the head.
knocked us both overboard.
I had to fight through the swell
to get to him.
And he was unconscious.
and bleeding a lot.
I tried CPR. but...
I lost him.
I'm so sorry.
You see.
I'm not the hero everyone thinks I am.
I couldn't even save my own brother.
Hey. you did everything you could.
You risked your life to save him.
You do that every single day.
You may not think you're a hero...
but I do.
[horns honking]
Hey. Stephanie. It's Kate from Channel 12
trying you again.
Can you please call me back
when you get a chance? Thanks.
Hey. look at this. There's a hidden column
in the spreadsheet. A note section.
-[Kate] Anything interesting?
-[Lauren] Um...
On the first 400-grand withdrawal
from Jack. there's some initials.
PDD.
Is that one of the people who got money?
-Mmm. no. No one has the initials PDD.
-[cell phone vibrates]
Hey. Stephanie.
Thanks for calling me back.
Yeah. sure. What's up. Kate?
[Kate]  When you found me and Jack
at that taco place.
how did you know where he'd be?
He sent out a press release.
A press release?
Yeah. Or his publicist put it out.
Carl...
Carl Green at. uh...
PDD.
PDD?
[Stephanie]
Yeah. Parker Dunlop Development.
Right.
Okay. thanks. Steph. I owe you one.
What's going on?
-PDD is Parker Dunlop Development.
-Oh.
-What?
-It's a political consulting agency.
-Very high-end.
-They groom candidates for public office.
Uh. campaigns. policy. media coaching.
Yeah. My dad used them
in the last election.
But why would they get paid in cash?
Oh. Lauren.
You have so much to learn about D.C.
Okay. hold on.
When was the second $400.000 withdrawal?
[Lauren] Mmm...
October 27th.
[Kate] Right.
The day after Jack and I had dinner
and talked about Good Sam.
So if Jack's first 400.000 was spent
on political consulting instead--
Then who was behind the money
in the first four bags?
Where are you going?
When were you gonna tell me
that you weren't Good Sam?
I'm gonna call you back.
What are you talking about?
Of course I'm Good Sam.
But you didn't tell me the whole story.
now. did you. Jack?
The first $400.000
you spent on campaign expenses?
PDD.
Why don't you tell me the truth. Jack?
And tell me like it really happened.
I did give away the last 400.000.
And the rest?
Somebody else gave that away.
I don't know who.
And you just took credit for it?
Look...
Um. I'd never seen anything like the media
attention the guy was getting.
Everywhere I went. people were
talking about Good Sam. Even you.
And I know how important it is for you
to find someone doing good.
I'm that guy.
I wasn't just looking
for someone doing good. Jack.
I was looking for someone doing good
who didn't expect anything in return.
and that is not you.
I might not be the guy
who started this whole thing. but...
I did.
I gave away $400.000.
That's got to count for something.
You gave money away for publicity
so that you could run for Congress.
Kate. we're both getting a lot of mileage
out of this story.
That's what this is about? Mileage?
You lied. Jack.
So. what. the truth doesn't matter as long
as you get what you want. Is that it?
Okay. how-- how--
how can I fix this... with you?
Would it make a difference
if I gave away another $400.000?
Wow.
Where does the truth end
and the lie begin?
Hold on. Let's talk about this.
Kate!
Kate...
What? Say that again.
[Kate]  I said Jack Hansen isn't Good Sam.
This is the kind of thing that ruins
a station's reputation and kills careers.
-Yours and mine.
-David. let her talk.
He lied to me.
He just admitted that he's a copycat.
After the real Good Sam
gave away $400.000.
-Jack stepped in and did the same thing.
-Great.
He's been working
with a D.C. press agent for months.
We got played.
Okay. so if Jack Hansen isn't Good Sam.
then who is?
Well. maybe the real Good Sam's in hiding.
you know. to protect his identity.
Maybe he's got his own agenda.
A marketing ploy.
There's always the criminal angle.
The money's some kinda repayment?
Guys. I don't think the real
Good Sam is doing this for anything.
Oh. come on.
No. I'm serious.
Look. when I first got put on the story.
I was sure Good Sam
had some ulterior motive.
I've been working the bummer beat
for years...
and we know it always gets the ratings.
But we choose to show the selfish.
violent things people do every day.
when we know that there are
way more people out there doing good.
Oh. that's a real nice sentiment. Kate.
I'm getting all choked up here.
But that doesn't tell us
who the real Good Sam is.
-Come on. people. Have we got any ideas?
- Not yet.
But we've gotta go back
to the first four money drops.
Christina. Marie. Jesse. and Faith.
-Find out what they have in common.
-[David] Let me think.
Uh. uh. uh...
Where do they all live?
All over.
Bronx. Brooklyn. Manhattan. Staten Island.
All right. so that's not it.
What about schools. clubs. associations?
-Anything in common?
-No. nothing. We checked.
-All born in New York?
-Marie was born in Brooklyn.
-Faith was born here too.
-[Lauren] No. No go.
Christina was born in Mexico
and Jesse's from Maine. Camden Harbor.
[Kate]  Sorry. what?
Oh. Camden Harbor on the coast of Maine.
Camden Harbor...
Okay. I-I. uh-- I have a hunch.
I'll call you back.
No. no. no. wait. wait. Where are you?
I'll send a news van.
You can't shoot a hunch. David.
Give me some time.
[David]  No. Kate. wait. Just--
Taxi.
[siren wails in the distance]
[keyboard keys clacking]
Do you think this could be the--
[fast-forwarding]
I-I hurt my back a while ago.
Wait here. please.
Hey. Jesse. Uh. you got a couple
of minutes to talk about Good Sam?
I'm running behind.
Well. I saw a photo
of someone who looked like you
on a sailboat with Patrick and Eric Hayes.
Sailing with the Hayes boys.
It's probably me then. yeah.
So you knew them?
I was practically a member of the family.
Patrick was my best friend
since fourth grade.
I did. uh. all the woodwork on his boat.
You know. the  Crazy Eight.
I'm sorry. you said the  Crazy Eight?
Yeah.
Yeah. the accident
really wrecked all of us.
Eric more than anyone else. but...
Are you doing a story about a sailboat?
Yeah. in a way. I might be.
[engine turns over]
Hi. it's Kate from Channel 12 News.
I have a question for you.
Did you know Patrick Hayes?
[woman]  Yeah. I. uh. worked with Patrick
at Inniswell Properties.
First job as a paralegal.
He was great at the business part.
but. uh. he had dyslexia.
so reading wasn't easy for him.
I helped him with research. contracts...
I was Patrick and Eric's babysitter.
[chuckles]
I started when they were little kids.
and then they grew up
right in front of my eyes.
Yes. Patrick Hayes was my patient
several years ago.
I can't discuss specifics. but I can say
he made a remarkable recovery.
He was always so grateful.
But I just did what doctors do.
But. um...
Patrick can't be your Good Sam...
because he died...
months ago.
[knocking]
-Hey.
-[Kate] Hi.
-Uh. come on in.
-Thanks.
-Uh. let me grab your things.
Christina Gomez was your babysitter
when you and Patrick were little.
Faith Haywood's first job
was at your brother's company.
Dr. Ellis was Patrick's doctor
when he was sick.
And Jesse Durham was his best friend.
He used to go sailing with you guys
all the time on the  Crazy Eight.
You're Good Sam. aren't you?
Come on in.
Let's talk.
[Eric sighs]
Thanks.
So...
where did you get all this money
to give away?
My brother's boat was destroyed
in the accident.
And...
I got an insurance check...
for over 400 grand.
I told them that it wasn't my boat. but...
as it turns out.
Patrick transferred the ownership to me.
Apparently. that was my surprise.
He was giving me the  Crazy Eight
for my birthday.
[inhales sharply]
But I failed him.
So I couldn't keep the money.
So that's why you gave it all away.
There are these friends of his...
who really made his life better.
You know. in different ways.
I just thought...
they deserved it more than me.
But why not just give the money
to them directly?
I thought they'd enjoy it more and...
do what they needed with it
if they weren't weighed down
by where it came from.
I'm really sorry about your brother.
But I think he'd be so proud
of what you've done here.
Thanks.
I cannot be your story.
It's not about a story.
Not anymore.
Channel 12 News has learned
that Jack Hansen is not the Good Samaritan
he claimed to be.
While Jack Hansen did give away
the last $400.000.
he was not behind the first four gifts.
Rather. he copied the original Good Sam
in order to promote
his own political ambitions.
So who is the real Good Sam?
Unlike Hansen. he seeks no attention.
Instead. he's asked to remain anonymous.
expecting nothing in return.
And a remarkable thing has happened.
The recipients of Good Sam's generosity
became Good Sams themselves.
One gave a car to her neighbor.
One. a substantial donation
to a local food bank.
Another started a scholarship
for paralegals hoping to become lawyers.
The recipient in Brooklyn
gave all the money to cancer research.
What Good Sam never expected
was that we would be inspired
by his example.
Some people say
New York City is a tough place.
A place where everyone's
out for themselves.
But as I look across our city.
I see more kindness between strangers
than competition.
I see people reaching out
to help others...
on street corners. subway platforms.
and in apartment hallways.
Thanks to Good Sam.
we're becoming
better versions of ourselves.
Kate Bradley. Channel 12 News.
-Good work.
-Thanks.
-Beautiful reporting. Kate.
-Thank you.
[Kate] Bye. guys.
[horns honking]
[cell phone vibrates]
Hey. Dad.
I saw your report on Jack Hansen.
You were right about him all along.
I should have trusted your instincts.
That's okay. I appreciate that. Dad.
Whoever the real Good Sam is.
a man like that
makes us see the world... differently.
You haven't met him.
but I think you'd really like him.
Anyone that makes you happy
is all right by me.
Thanks. Dad.
-Night. Katie.
- Okay. good night. Love you.
-[Kate laughs] I was not flirting.
-[Eric laughs]
-[Eric] Really? Not even a little?
-[Kate] Okay. maybe a little.
[both laugh]
-So I brought a little surprise for you.
-Oh.
-Close your eyes.
-Okay.
All right.
Open.
[Kate gasps] Cool.
Are we going stargazing?
Not quite.
It's a clue
for where I'm gonna take you tomorrow.
Hmm.
Hayden Planetarium?
The North Pole?
A pirate-themed party?
That's actually closer. It's on the water.
The Brooklyn Bridge?
Are you asking me to go sailing?
Yeah. I am.
And look at that.
For once. it's me asking you questions.
[Kate] Hmm.
[laughs]
[woman] Uh. hello?
I think you've got a fan.
Hi.
-Excuse me. are you Kate Bradley?
-[Kate] Yeah.
-From Channel 12?
-Mm-hmm.
I was wondering
if you would. uh. thank Good Sam for me.
Sure. but what for?
I just received a scholarship
to go to college.
The school didn't know where it came from.
but I thought for sure
it was from Good Sam.
Um... a full scholarship?
All four years.
Other kids in my graduating class
got them as well.
plus kids in other schools.
We all received one of these.
[Kate] Hmm.
Do you think it's from Good Sam?
I don't know. I'd have to ask him.
Oh. I gotta run. but if it is Good Sam
behind all of this...
[exhales] ...thank him for me.
Sure.
Yeah. definitely.
Do you know anything about this?
It wasn't me.
[Kate] Huh.
Um... I'm doing my good deeds right here.
[giggles]
-And tomorrow. when I take you sailing.
-Mm-hmm.
So wait. Really.
you had nothing to do with that?
[laughs] I swear.
You really want to chase that story.
don't you?
Kind of.
Go ahead. I can wait.
Mmm... in a second.
[man] Kick it over here!
["Absolutely" plays]
Okay. I'll be back.
[laughs]
Excuse me!
Wait! Excuse me!
♪ Say. say. say it now ♪
♪ Above this earth. yeah. we can be loud ♪
♪ No more holding back ♪
♪ Break. break. breaking free ♪
♪ No gravity is keeping me down ♪
♪ We're not stopping ♪
♪ It's the year of absolutely being ♪
♪ Absolutely nothing ♪
♪ Absolutely crushing ♪
♪ Absolutely everything ♪
♪ Absolutely loving ♪
♪ Absolutely loving  ♪
♪ Absolutely ♪
♪ Will I touch the face of God? ♪
♪ Could it be a letdown to reach up? ♪
♪ I've got the gold fever ♪
♪ To hear the rockets sound ♪
♪ One last chance to leave the ground  ♪
♪ Say. say. say it now ♪
♪ Above this earth. yeah. we can be loud ♪
♪ No more holding back ♪
♪ Break. break. breaking free ♪
♪ No gravity is keeping me down ♪
♪ We're not stopping ♪
♪ It's the year of absolutely being  ♪
♪ Absolutely nothing ♪
♪ Absolutely crushing ♪
♪ Absolutely everything ♪
♪ Absolutely loving ♪
♪ Absolutely ♪
♪ 'Cause if you've got a young soul  ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I know which way that I'll go  ♪
♪ Say. say. say it now  ♪
♪ Above this earth. yeah. we can be loud  ♪
♪ No more holding back ♪
♪ Break. break. breaking free ♪
♪ No gravity is keeping me down ♪
♪ We're not stopping ♪
♪ It's the year of absolutely being  ♪
♪ Absolutely nothing ♪
♪ Absolutely crushing ♪
♪ Absolutely everything ♪
♪ Absolutely loving ♪
♪ Absolutely ♪
♪ No more holding back ♪
♪ We're not stopping ♪
♪ It's the year of absolutely being  ♪
♪ Absolutely nothing ♪
♪ Absolutely crushing  ♪
♪ Absolutely everything ♪
♪ Absolutely loving ♪
♪ Absolutely ♪
[instrumental music plays]